I'm betting... he means to lure me in and then kill me.
Well, shucks.
That sure throws a wrench into my plans.
Korosensei and Karasuma-sensei!
He came all the way from Brazil?
Oh, well. Plan 16 it is.
My time to shine.
Wh-What is this?!
The whole room is lowering!
Irina!
m -481 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -515 36
You're all I think about You're all I think about
m -10 -36 l 636 -36 602 36 -10 36
kimi no koto bakari omotteru
m -843 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -877 36
I'm starting to lose sight of everything else
m -10 -36 l 651 -36 617 36 -10 36
hoka no koto mienaku natteru
m -695 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -729 36
I'll win your heart for sure, I swear
m -10 -36 l 767 -36 733 36 -10 36
kanarazu sono haato itomeru chikau
m -993 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1027 36
The stuff they say about me? That's ancient history
m -10 -36 l 618 -36 584 36 -10 36
iketenai no wa furui hanashi
m -625 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -659 36
I've spared no effort since then
m -10 -36 l 745 -36 711 36 -10 36
oshimanu doryoku wo shitan da shi
m -993 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1027 36
And overcome all the challenges that came my way
m -10 -36 l 749 -36 715 36 -10 36
muchaburi mo kuria shite kita hazu
m -483 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -517 36
I can do it, I know I can I can do it, I know I can
m -10 -36 l 457 -36 423 36 -10 36
ikeru jishin michiru ikeru jishin michiru
m -858 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -892 36
But just when I'm about to get carried away
m -10 -36 l 506 -36 472 36 -10 36
choushizuita sono toki choushizuita sono toki
m -780 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -814 36
I get knocked down like this every time
m -10 -36 l 975 -36 941 36 -10 36
itsu datte kou yatte tsukiotosarete shimau no sa
m -722 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -756 36
Your scathing, serious voice cuts me
m -10 -36 l 1053 -36 1019 36 -10 36
shinratsu de shiriasu na kimi no koe ga sasatte kuru
m -1195 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1229 36
Thousands, tens of thousand of times I've given form to my feelings
m -10 -36 l 1111 -36 1077 36 -10 36
nanzenkai nanmankai boku no kimochi katachi ni shite
m -1152 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1186 36
I've driven them, thrown them in, but all you do is run away
m -10 -36 l 1069 -36 1035 36 -10 36
uchikonde nagekonde dakedo kimi wa nigeteku dake
m -509 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -543 36
Question, question: what Question, question: what
m -10 -36 l 585 -36 551 36 -10 36
question question boku wa question question boku wa
m -574 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -608 36
Question, question: on earth
m -10 -36 l 505 -36 471 36 -10 36
question question ittai question question ittai
m -501 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -535 36
Question, question: did I Question, question: did I
m -10 -36 l 569 -36 535 36 -10 36
question question kimi no question question kimi no
m -614 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -648 36
Ever know about you anyway?
m -10 -36 l 466 -36 432 36 -10 36
nani wo shitte ita no nani wo shitte ita no Difficulty
Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty
Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin
Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin
Past Future Future Future Future Future Future Future
Future Future Future Future Future Future Future Truth
Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth
Truth Truth Truth Truth Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Death Death
Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death
Death Death Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence
Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence
Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment
Punishment Punishment Punishment
m -494 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -528 36
Question, question: why Question, question: why
m -10 -36 l 589 -36 555 36 -10 36
question question doushite question question doushite
m -485 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -519 36
Question, question: is it Question, question: is it
m -10 -36 l 575 -36 541 36 -10 36
question question kimi wa question question kimi wa
m -557 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -591 36
Question, question: you are Question, question: you are
m -10 -36 l 592 -36 558 36 -10 36
question question konna ni question question konna ni
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment
Punishment Punishment Punishment
m -587 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -621 36
So close and yet so far away?
m -10 -36 l 532 -36 498 36 -10 36
chikakute tooi no darou chikakute tooi no darou Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life
8th Period Terasaka Ryouma Reaper Time, Part 2
Not you too, Irina-sensei...
You're the one behind all this?
Does the name "the Reaper" mean anything to you?
Lovro mentioned it once before.
I let him live on purpose.
If I want my competitors to leave the game,
I need him to spread the word about me.
Hey, how about lowering that gun?
Or are you trying to shoot your friend?
The way he obscures his presence...
I've put explosives on her neck and the students'.
They'll detonate on my signal.
You think threatening hostages means I'll just roll over and die for you?
Why don't we find out?
I don't sense anyone else around.
If I'm just careful with his guns...
But why?
H-He can see my tentacles?!
Korosensei!
Sir!
Are you okay?
That was disappointingly quick.
I didn't even have to use the hostages.
Let's go say goodbye.
Irina-sensei... Sensei!
Class... Is everyone unhurt?
I can't believe he captured you too.
A cage made of anti-teacher material, eh?
It's tricky stuff, to be sure...
but my body has finally overcome it!
Really?!
Now to reveal to you... my secret biological weapon!
I formed this tongue with a coating of digestive juices.
Give me half a day, and I can lick these bars away.
Too slow!
Say...
Keep licking like that, and I'll detonate everyone's neckbombs.
What? Aw!
Now, then. Better hurry.
I'm about to flood this place with water.
This is a drainage canal.
I just have to give the command from the control room up above,
and two hundred tons of water per second will squeeze you into spaghetti against these bars.
Wait! You intend to kill the students too?
Of course. Now that he's here, I can't wait a moment longer.
Irina! You knew as much, and yet...
As a pro, I just prioritized results. That's all.
Isn't that what you wanted?
True, it may be a little harsh...
but is that reason to let our best chance of saving the world slip away before our eyes?
Say an opportunity arises where we can kill him, but only in exchange for the students' lives.
What is the government's policy on such a situation?
Well, that's, uh... You'd handle that on a case-by-case basis.
In the very real possibility of it coming down to that, you'd, uh...
J-Just make that decision at the scene.
So in other words, it's my responsibility.
Then my decision also becomes...
Here's how the government sees it.
The lives of twenty-seven people weigh more than the Earth.
If you still plan on killing them,
I'll stop you.
Karasuma-sensei!
S-So cool!
And I'll tell you this, Irina.
Being a pro isn't quite so simple.
If it takes too long to kill Karasuma, my plans will come apart.
And so...
I don't think so!
Karasuma-sensei!
Turn on your transceiver!
Hmph. How rash.
Karasuma may stand apart from others...
but he goes even further.
Just look at how easily he trapped that octopus.
Bitch-sensei...
Irina, I need your help.
I've set a trap.
While Karasuma's fiddling with it,
shoot him from behind.
Understood.
The other side of this doorknob feels wrong. A trap?
No time to disarm it.
Guess I'll just open it.
Did that get him?
At the very least, it'll slow him down.
Tsk. More powerful than I'd expected.
Your nose for bloodlust is spot on.
I'll admit it: l underestimated you.
It's like a trade fair for traps in here. Well done.
Once you master the skills to kill a person,
it's in an assassin's nature to want to use every last one of them.
Make sure you hit him, Irina.
Sorry.
This next one won't miss.
You're going to die, Irina.
I'm fully prepared for that.
You probably can't understand, but he does.
"You and I are the same," he said.
That's right. Did I tell you my backstory?
I was born in a poor slum beset by constant terrorist attacks—
an uncertain world where life could blink out in an instant.
All I could trust in was money and my own skills—
and the fact that those I killed weren't coming back.
And so Irina understands how I feel.
Isn't that right, Irina? Even if I did use you as a sacrifice.
Assassination Classroom Second Season Akabane Karma
You're alive!
I should have known.
But you can't come after me.
You know, I only hired her to deceive you all.
Irina...
Well, time for the big finish.
Wait!
Ka... ma... sei... Karasuma-sensei!
Are you all right?!
What is it?
I finally got through. What was that explosion?
I'm all right, but Irina's pinned under the debris.
But there's no time. I'm going after the Reaper.
You can't!
Why won't you help her, Karasuma-sensei?
Kurahashi...
Irina partnered with the Reaper to get results in her own way.
A real pro accepts the consequences of her actions.
What does being a pro have to do with it?
I know this is coming from a fifteen-year-old...
but Bitch-sensei is only twenty-one!
Growing up in an environment with no peace of mind,
she probably forgot to pick up some of the pieces along the way
that would've made her a grown-up.
So please... rescue her, Karasuma-sensei.
Just like how you forgive us students when we make mistakes.
The village was wiped out.
But this one killed a militia member and escaped.
What do you think, dear?
Good eyes.
You have a decision to make.
If you live with us, breathing blood like air,
you can turn the gore which haunts your dreams into mere routine.
You can seek peaceful days, forever living in fear of your bloody memories,
or, rather than running from them, you can tame those memories through work.
Too cruel a choice for a child, I suppose. Let's go to the refugee camp and...
There's no turning back.
That's right.
My everyday life was spent wading through a cold sea of blood.
How fitting that I should die betrayed.
I'm glad it could end...
before my new existence under the sun reminded me of the warmth of life.
Get on out of there. I'll shoulder whatever burden you need me to.
What's this?
They've all escaped!
No matter. I'll just kill a few to set an example and order the rest to stop.
They took them off?!
Wow, they're good!
Damn.
The bombs' remote has only a detonate command and an unlock function.
They're so simple that we can just pull them off without them exploding,
and he'll never know.
Th-This is rough.
This protective coloring matches the walls, and the light quality is just right!
Just like you said, there's a spot the camera can't see properly!
Then, with Sugaya's spray...
The assassination camo on our super P.E. clothes works great.
We can make 'em perfectly wall-colored!
Sheesh...
Who knew the RC peeping squad would play such a big role?
What about Korosensei?
He's got his own camo built in.
Which means he's buck naked right now.
Now I can never get married!
Quit blushing or he'll see you!
Your left arm may be broken.
Does it hurt anywhere else?
Hey, you're bleeding!
No... Your super-hot body just got me excited.
I thought you might have brain damage,
but that's perfectly normal for you, huh?
He's back. Just as the students predicted.
Irina, it may be different from the world you grew up in,
but the world in which the students and I live needs you.
Irina, where's Karasuma?
He was already gone when I came to.
That was awful of you, Reaper,
blowing me up with the rest.
Yeah, sorry about that!
I wouldn't have been able to achieve my goal otherwise.
After all, in this world, it's deceive or be deceived.
Oh, I don't mind.
After all, I'm a loose bitch who doesn't think twice about hopping from man to man.
I-Is this guy nuts?
I've been thinking. Are you really all you're cracked up to be?
What was that?
Each individual skill of yours is on point,
but your endgame and defenses are weak.
You sure told me.
You...
I peeled off my face.
It only stands in the way of improving my disguise skills.
Now to kill you and take your face!
Hey, what's going on?
Um, er... The Reaper has a knife—no, a wire!
He uses that on Karasuma-sensei, who—oh, wow!
He dodges and counters with his elbow—no good! Eek!
He's using his knife as a shield, and seeing that,
he's switched to a kick, but at the same time...
All I can say is... what an amazing fight!
Korosensei's Weak Point #28:
Gives terrible play-by-plays
What the heck are you saying?!
Whaaa?!
Explain it so we can understand!
I dared to pull him into close-quarters combat,
but I don't know what he's got up his sleeve. Can't let this drag on.
I'll tell you the truth, Karasuma-sensei.
I made up all that stuff about growing up in tragic circumstances.
That was social engineering designed to pull the woman in.
Why, you...
An assassin killed my father.
I wasn't particularly broken up about it.
But the way the killer moved as he was cut down before my eyes
made me think...
What a beautiful skill!
I was captivated.
Assassination: an ensemble of beautiful skills!
And the essence of those skills I mastered?
Allow me to show you.
The Reaper's hidden scythe.
A mere .10 caliber.
Its minute bullets pass between muscle and bone to tear a hole in the aorta.
The aorta's own bloodstream pressure widens that hole...
until you die from major blood loss.
A composite art that only the Reaper can pull off.
What?!
Is this...
Finally, a definitive opening.
Good to see even the Reaper has the same weak spots as any other man.
Is that the octopus's... Tomato Juice
I can just about fit one tentacle through.
You used juice as a decoy?
I hope you've prepared yourself, Reaper,
for what happens to those who dare lay a hand on my precious students and colleagues.
Wait! Who else could kill him if not me?!
We have all the skills we need right here!
Why don't you quit the assassination scene?
I'm sure your skills will come in handy at the employment office.
That man had incredible skills, but he put too much faith in them.
Whoever shaped his growth was a fool.
He could have put his skills to good use on the straight and narrow.
Whether an individual is nurtured or corrupted...
It's all up to the people and the world around them.
Yes, exactly.
Right, Irina-sensei?
Urk!
You bitch!
What's the big idea, tryin' to run away?!
Eeek!
Ow!
Argh! Just do whatever you want!
The boys with their usual pent-up animal lust,
the girls with their usual envy of my beauty—
just let it all out in an explosion of sexual violence!
Her ideas are getting out of control!
Look, just come to school like always.
No more shirkin' your duties for days on end.
I'm dying to know more about that story!
Did you really swindle Arabian royalty and nearly start a war?
If you don't come back,
I'll just keep that French Boys Over Flowers manga you lent me!
I was this close to killing you all, you know.
Is that a problem?
Backstabbing, treachery... Isn't that what makes you a bitch?
And if having one little bitch around ruined school for us,
what kind of junior-high assassins would we be?
That's right.
I didn't get this flower from the students.
I took it from my defeated enemy with my own two hands.
Is that good enough for your birthday?
He hands it over so blandly! And there are way fewer flowers this time!
I'll give him a piece of my mind!
Now, what do you say at a time like this? Let's see here...
Yes.
Ooh, they've got some real potential!
But I had dibs!
There, there.
Karasuma-sensei, a word before things take a turn for the racy?
It definitely won't, but very well.
I don't want the students to ever be involved in this kind of danger again.
I must insist on an environment where we can safely kill and be killed.
I know.
"If any student should become collateral damage during an assassination,
Ministry of Defense Ministry of Defense
the bounty will not be paid." Hmm.
Students of E Class Request Students of E Class
Request Students of E Class Request
Request Students of E Class Students of E Class
Students of E Class Students of E Class Request
Students of E Class Students of E Class
Students of E Class Request Request Request
Request Students of E Class Students of E Class
You've really grown fond of those kids, haven't you, Karasuma?
Surely the students have the right to their own safety.
All right. I'll accept these conditions.
Either way, we're done relying on individual freelance killers.
An international coalition is moving forward
Students of E Class Students of E Class Request
Request
with the final assassination project.
I don't know where this classroom is headed.
yozora ni oyogu tsuki datte yozora ni oyogu tsuki datte
The moon that floats in the night sky
te wo nobaseba todoku no te wo nobaseba todoku no
If you stretch out your hand, you can reach it
Your arm?
Fine.
But I know that at this moment, it's in the right kind of world.
sotto furete mita atatakakute
I went to touch it: it was warm And slowly drew me in
And slowly drew me in jinwari suikomareta
jinwari suikomareta
The multiplying footprints, the view from my window
fueteku ashiato mado kara miru keshiki mo
As I drifted along, expressionless
muhyoujou ni nagare nagara muhyoujou ni nagare nagara
They spilled out of my hands ryoute kara koborete yuku
ryoute kara koborete yuku
It was rocking, swaying... I never knew
yurayura yureteta shirazu ni ita
Until I touched it with my own hands
kono te de furete miru made kono te de furete miru made
I want to gather up and go through all of the things
kaketa tsuki no shita chirabatta mono
Scattered beneath the waning moon
hiroiatsumete tashikametai sono subete wo